profile/README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🏥 Rounds Systems

<img src="https://rounds.systems/logo.png" alt="Rounds Systems" width="150" height="150">

### Building the Operating System for Healthcare in Pakistan

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐_Website-rounds.systems-10B981?style=for-the-badge)](https://rounds.systems)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active_Development-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](#)
[![Founded](https://img.shields.io/badge/Founded-2025-blue?style=for-the-badge)](#)

---

**Rounds Systems** is a healthcare technology startup revolutionizing how medical professionals connect, collaborate, and practice medicine in Pakistan.

</div>

---

## 🎯 Our Mission

To create a unified healthcare ecosystem that empowers every medical professional in Pakistan with the tools they need to provide better patient care through seamless clinical collaboration and knowledge sharing.

---

## 📊 Platform Highlights

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 🩺
**Medical Community**

Verified professionals collaborating on clinical cases

</td>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 💬
**Secure Messaging**

End-to-end encrypted communication

</td>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 📋
**Locum Board**

Healthcare staffing marketplace

</td>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 📱
**Mobile First**

Native Android app for doctors on-the-go

</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

<div align="center">

![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js_14-000000?style=flat-square&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=flat-square&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-000020?style=flat-square&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0080FF?style=flat-square&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📦 Our Products

| Repository | Description | Stack |
|------------|-------------|-------|
| **rounds-web** | Healthcare community web platform | Next.js 14, TypeScript, Supabase |
| **rounds-mobile** | Native mobile app for medical professionals | React Native, Expo, TypeScript |

---

## 🌍 Market Focus

<div align="center">

**Pakistan Healthcare Market**

🏥 **500,000+** Registered Medical Professionals | 📍 **250M+** Population | 📈 **$8B+** Healthcare Market

</div>

---

## 🤝 For Investors & Partners

We are building the infrastructure layer for Pakistan's healthcare ecosystem. Our platform addresses critical pain points in:

- **Clinical Collaboration** - Enabling case discussions and peer consultations
- **Healthcare Staffing** - Connecting hospitals with locum doctors
- **Medical Networking** - Building verified professional networks
- **Knowledge Sharing** - Facilitating continuous medical education

---

<div align="center">

### 📬 Get In Touch

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-cto@rounds.systems-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:cto@rounds.systems)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit-rounds.systems-10B981?style=for-the-badge&logo=safari&logoColor=white)](https://rounds.systems)

---

<sub>© 2025-2026 Rounds Systems. Building healthcare's future, one connection at a time.</sub>

</div>

Commit message:

docs: Move investment info to README and remove FUNDING.yml
- Consolidate investor information into main profile
- Remove FUNDING.yml to prevent 'Sponsor' button appearance
- Update strategic focus areas

profile/README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 🏥 Rounds Systems

<img src="https://rounds.systems/logo.png" alt="Rounds Systems" width="150" height="150">

### Building the Operating System for Healthcare in Pakistan

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/🌐_Website-rounds.systems-10B981?style=for-the-badge)](https://rounds.systems)
[![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Active_Development-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](#)
[![Founded](https://img.shields.io/badge/Founded-2025-blue?style=for-the-badge)](#)

---

**Rounds Systems** is a healthcare technology startup revolutionizing how medical professionals connect, collaborate, and practice medicine in Pakistan.

</div>

---

## 🎯 Our Mission

To create a unified healthcare ecosystem that empowers every medical professional in Pakistan with the tools they need to provide better patient care through seamless clinical collaboration and knowledge sharing.

---

## 📊 Platform Highlights

<table>
<tr>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 🩺
**Medical Community**

Verified professionals collaborating on clinical cases

</td>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 💬
**Secure Messaging**

End-to-end encrypted communication

</td>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 📋
**Locum Board**

Healthcare staffing marketplace

</td>
<td align="center" width="25%">

### 📱
**Mobile First**

Native Android app for doctors on-the-go

</td>
</tr>
</table>

---

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

<div align="center">

![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js_14-000000?style=flat-square&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Native-20232A?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=flat-square&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Expo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Expo-000020?style=flat-square&logo=expo&logoColor=white)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=flat-square&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-0080FF?style=flat-square&logo=digitalocean&logoColor=white)

</div>

---

## 📦 Our Products

| Repository | Description | Stack |
|------------|-------------|-------|
| **rounds-web** | Healthcare community web platform | Next.js 14, TypeScript, Supabase |
| **rounds-mobile** | Native mobile app for medical professionals | React Native, Expo, TypeScript |

---

## 🌍 Market Focus

<div align="center">

**Pakistan Healthcare Market**

🏥 **500,000+** Registered Medical Professionals | 📍 **250M+** Population | 📈 **$8B+** Healthcare Market

</div>

---

## 🤝 For Investors & Partners

We are building the infrastructure layer for Pakistan's healthcare ecosystem.

### Current Strategic Focus
- **Scaling Community**: Expanding our verified doctor network across major cities
- **Locum Marketplace**: digitizing healthcare staffing for hospitals
- **Enterprise Solutions**: Building B2B tools for clinics and hospitals

### Investment & Partnerships
We are actively engaging with strategic partners and investors who share our vision for digital healthcare transformation in Pakistan.

- **Investment Inquiries**: [cto@rounds.systems](mailto:cto@rounds.systems)
- **Partnerships**: [partners@rounds.systems](mailto:partners@rounds.systems)

---

<div align="center">

### 📬 Get In Touch

[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-cto@rounds.systems-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:cto@rounds.systems)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visit-rounds.systems-10B981?style=for-the-badge&logo=safari&logoColor=white)](https://rounds.systems)

---

<sub>© 2025-2026 Rounds Systems. Building healthcare's future, one connection at a time.</sub>

</div>
